docs: make network section more clear (#2609)
getAlby/lightning-browser-extension: doc/SETUP.md

## 🚀 Quick Start

> > For Windows users, please use [WSL 2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For Windows users, please use a proper OS or if you can't at least use [WSL 2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).
```

:)

### 💻 Load extension into browser

> > **NOTE:** by default, the extension built this way will talk to the testnet API (which runs under [api.regtest.getalby.com](https://api.regtest.getalby.com)). The testnet API is **not as stable** as production but you can do transactions without using real money. In case you want to do manual tests against the mainnet API, add the following `ALBY_API_URL` environment variable to your command: `$ ALBY_API_URL="https://api.getalby.com" yarn run dev:your-browser-of-choice`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** by default, the extension built this way will talk to the testnet API (which runs under [api.regtest.getalby.com](https://api.regtest.getalby.com)). The testnet API is **not stable** but you can do transactions with testnet sats. In case you want to do run a dev build with the mainnet API, add the following `ALBY_API_URL` environment variable to your command: `$ ALBY_API_URL="https://api.getalby.com" yarn run dev:[chrome|firefox]`
```
